The divine power is really with Chen Hao
But he wouldn't give it to me, and you broke off the marriage with him
He certainly won't give it to you.
You accompany me to the hospital first
Let's figure it out together
Good to go
Look, Dr. Chen is getting rich
God
How is his mother dressed like a beggar?
Is it so bad for Dr. Chen?
Mom, don't run around
I'll go to the mother to solve the problem for you to see, I'm right here.
Mom
Director Lin Director Lin
Where you liar
You return the house to me
Old thing, this house was your son
Voluntary transfer to me
But you broke up with my son.
He's the one who didn't live up to his expectations and went to prison
I am young and beautiful
Do you want to spend the rest of your life with your boss?
Don't go, give me back the steamed buns
If you let go, I won't let go.
Give it back to me
When?
How can I break your leg? I'm not stupid.
Give me back the prince one day
Good things give you one last chance